Mr. Long, if there is no problem
Then sign this contract
Miss Yue suddenly appeared today
Why did you give me such a big gift?
You did me such a big favor before.
I have nothing to thank you for
Just a little thought
You're welcome, Miss Yue
Just a little effort
Yo okay
What a little white face soft rice man
Eat our Lin's and drink our Lin's
He even went out behind our backs
Fooling around with other women
It also came to Jinlongjiang
This woman
It's your new find
Come back to life, a stinky delivery guy
Always hooked up with the president of the Joyce Group
Must have made some entertainment
I heard about that.
Many delivery people take advantage of the opportunity to deliver food
Go in and do some shady things
The more the group president, how could he like you?
You must have done something to someone
I only met Miss Yue for the second time
I have always loved Lin Mengdi
But that was the past.
It's you who receive the prize and lose the high and low
Do not recognize the relationship between us as husband and wife
So
We're done.
My sister is now the most popular female star in Daxia
And she's going to win the Golden Dragon for best actress tonight.
The future value is limitless
People like you can't reach it in eight lifetimes
But you cheated on your marriage
He also ran to the Golden Dragon Party to be humiliated
I told you.
I only met Miss Yue for the second time
It's not what you call marital infidelity at all
The second time we met, we gave such a big gift.
Then between the two of you
There must be some dark secrets
No, you are for Miss Ye
Did you provide any special service?
I see you are
This kid has nothing else but this
Shut your mouth